README.md, before:

# CFB Cutups Worker

This repository hosts a FastAPI worker that creates offensive cut-up videos from
full college football broadcasts. Given a YouTube URL, a team name, and an ESPN
play-by-play game identifier, the service downloads the game, trims each
offensive snap, and stitches the clips into a single `output.mp4` file.

The project is intentionally small so you can deploy it quickly to
[Railway](https://railway.app) or run it locally while iterating on the broader
product experience.

## Features

- `POST /process` – orchestrates the full pipeline: download, parse ESPN data,
  clip, and concatenate offensive snaps.
- `GET /health` – lightweight readiness endpoint for platform probes.
- `GET /` – friendly confirmation that the service is online.

## Local development

1. **Install prerequisites**
   - Python 3.10+
   - ffmpeg (available on most package managers)
2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. **Run the API**
   ```bash
   uvicorn app.main:app --reload
   ```
4. **Submit a processing request** using the Swagger UI at
   <http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs> or with `curl`:
   ```bash
   curl -X POST http://127.0.0.1:8000/process \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d '{
       "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=example",
       "team_name": "Example State",
       "espn_game_id": "401525000"
     }'
   ```

The endpoint returns a JSON payload with `"output_path": "<absolute path>"`
that points to the concatenated cut-up. When running locally you can open that
file with your preferred video player.

## Deploying to Railway

1. Fork or import the repository into your GitHub account.
2. Create a new Railway project and select the GitHub repository when prompted.
3. Railway builds the included Dockerfile and exposes the FastAPI server. Append
   `/docs` to the generated URL to access the live API documentation.

The worker does not rely on environment variables today, but you can extend it
with object storage uploads, authentication, or persistent job tracking as your
MVP evolves.

## Next steps

- Upload the generated `output.mp4` to cloud storage and return a shareable URL.
- Add retry logic around the ESPN and YouTube requests.
- Layer on a small UI or chat agent that collects the inputs and calls this API.

Commit message:

Fix ffmpeg download URL for pinned build

README.md, after:

# CFB Cutups Worker

This repository hosts a FastAPI worker that creates offensive cut-up videos from
full college football broadcasts. Given a YouTube URL, a team name, and an ESPN
play-by-play game identifier, the service downloads the game, trims each
offensive snap, and stitches the clips into a single `output.mp4` file.

The project is intentionally small so you can deploy it quickly to
[Railway](https://railway.app) or run it locally while iterating on the broader
product experience.

## Features

- `POST /process` – orchestrates the full pipeline: download, parse ESPN data,
  clip, and concatenate offensive snaps.
- `GET /health` – lightweight readiness endpoint for platform probes.
- `GET /` – friendly confirmation that the service is online.

## Local development

1. **Install prerequisites**
   - Python 3.10+
   - ffmpeg (available on most package managers)
2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
3. **Run the API**
   ```bash
   uvicorn app.main:app --reload
   ```
4. **Submit a processing request** using the Swagger UI at
   <http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs> or with `curl`:
   ```bash
   curl -X POST http://127.0.0.1:8000/process \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d '{
       "video_url": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=example",
       "team_name": "Example State",
       "espn_game_id": "401525000"
     }'
   ```

The endpoint returns a JSON payload with `"output_path": "<absolute path>"`
that points to the concatenated cut-up. When running locally you can open that
file with your preferred video player.

## Reproducible media tooling

The Docker image installs a static `ffmpeg` build (version 6.1.1) and pins
`yt-dlp==2024.08.06`. The Docker build logs include `ffmpeg -version` and
`yt-dlp --version`, which makes the versions visible in CI and deployment
artifacts.

## Continuous integration & deployment

GitHub Actions drives the workflow for this repository:

- Every pull request and push runs a Python syntax check and attempts to build
  the Docker image.
- Pushes to `main` additionally deploy the freshly built image to Railway via
  the Railway CLI.

To enable the deployment step, add a `RAILWAY_TOKEN` secret to your repository
or organization settings. The token should have access to the Railway project
that hosts this service. The included `railway.json` config instructs Railway to
build from the Dockerfile and restart the worker when new images are deployed.

## Deploying to Railway

1. Fork or import the repository into your GitHub account.
2. Create a new Railway project and select the GitHub repository when prompted.
3. Railway builds the included Dockerfile and exposes the FastAPI server. Append
   `/docs` to the generated URL to access the live API documentation.

The worker does not rely on environment variables today, but you can extend it
with object storage uploads, authentication, or persistent job tracking as your
MVP evolves.

## Next steps

- Upload the generated `output.mp4` to cloud storage and return a shareable URL.
- Add retry logic around the ESPN and YouTube requests.
- Layer on a small UI or chat agent that collects the inputs and calls this API.
